Previously on Rescue Me...
- Hiya, guys.
- Hey, what do you say, man...
Gavin, have a drink with us.
- Yeah, come on.
- No, no, no. I'm all right.
- Then try this.
- No, I'm fine.
What's with these guys?
They showed up
for the shift like that.
Think the party's been going
on for, like, three days.
Cunningham, hey.
How are you doing, pal?
You all right?
- Is Nat all right?
- She has a new boyfriend.
Next time they have a date
I can show you where.
Oh, here she comes.
This is the guy? Oh, my God,
you gotta be shittin' me.
This is a joke. How about I walk over
there and pound Ashton Kutcher's face in?
Hey, your new girlfriend came here
looking for you. Feinberg's daughter?
- You take her out again.
- I'm not doing it.
It's the right thing to do for your
relationship with Feinberg.
I mean, you take her out, you give her
a little kiss, give her a little feel.
Make her, you know,
think that you're interested.
You know, I'm on
medication right now.
I'm what you call bipolar.
Listen, that card...
You can charge as much as you want.
I want you to use it
for what you need.
Birth control would be
on the need list, okay.
Not stuff that you want.
Stuff that you want, you know,
would be pretty much
anything your boyfriend says he needs.
One night in
the not-too-distant future,
my cousin Mike and I are gonna take
you out drinking.
And if we notice that you like to drink
and get drunk, and drink to excess,
and if you pass the Shea
cousins drinking exam,
then you will
be called an alcoholic.
Wow, okay, you're on.
Hey, so "excess" is, like, how many
Long Island Iced Teas,
Come on, shake
it off. Let's go.
When I first started playing with Tommy,
he used to make me feel like that, man.
But, I learned his,
like, weak points, you know.
Look at that.
Black Shawn talking to Mike.
Me and you, we're...
We're a lot alike, you know?
- You'd say we were like bros?
- We like brothers.
What'd you say
to Black Shawn before?
You know I wouldn't
say anything bad, Tommy.
I jumped off
a roof for you, asshole.
Here. Hey, come on.
Here.
Hey, kid.
Hey.
Crew wanted to
welcome you aboard.
Top shelf.
Well, next to top shelf.
We're between paychecks.
Holy shit. Thanks, man.
That's one of the nicest
things anyone ever gave me.
Booze.
The gift that gives back.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Uh, I was just filling out
some paperwork stuff.
Cool.
What's the bottle?
Yeah.
From the guys.
Right.
Yeah.
Those guys, uh...
They like to drink
while they work, huh?
Yeah, they're old school,
you know?
Right. No, they--
T-t-they're good.
They have a kind of a rep,
though. You know, these--
You gotta keep your eye on
that, you know?
Ha, ha. That's funny
coming from you, Tom.
I'm not trying to be funny, Mike.
I'm just trying to say...
I'm not your probie anymore, Tom.
I know you're not
a probie anymore.
I'm just trying to give you
a little friendly advice.
- Okay, thanks.
- Well--
- Hey.
- Hey!
What's going on? Hey.
- How are you doing?
- Good.
I was just
in the neighborhood.
I ran into Mike the probie.
He said you were still here.
Oh, yeah. Just filling out
some paperwork.
I thought you might want
a ride home.
No, I can't. I gotta get this
thing. I nev--
Me and paperwork, you know.
Probie smells like, uh,
cheap whiskey.
I know. And by the way, you
can't call him "probie" anymore,
now that he's graduated. So...
- How about you?
- What?
- You're not drinking?
- No, I'm not drinking.
That's that crew, you know?
They're trying to--
They're old school.
Yeah, well,
you been there done that, huh?
Yeah.
So, what do you say? You want
to make a regular meeting?
- No family except me?
- I got to be hon--
I really don't think I'm
ready for, uh, normal alcoholics yet.
You know what I mean?
No finger-pointing,
no screaming, no yelling,
no fist fights. I mean,
I'd just be bored shitless.
- Alrighty.
- I gotta finish this stuff.
- No, I hear you.
- Uh, I asked.
- Right.
- I'll see you.
Hey, let me, uh--
Can I ask you something?
Yeah.
Uh, I was watching one
of these, you know, religious channel--
Just flipping through things.
- Yeah? What?
- Wait.
So I see this, uh, preacher
and he's talking about--
Telling sort of how
when he saw the light.
And then he starts taking,
like, a Q and A thing
- with, like, the audience.
- Yeah.
Um, the flock.
And these people--
Six or seven people got up
and told their story about how
they saw the light and then--
Anyways, eventually
they're all singing that
"I saw the light" song.
Yes. Spielberg, uh, you know,
ripped off God
with the bright light thing.
Okay, you know what?
What's your point?
My point is that you're just
so goddamn blind sometimes.
- To what?
God's been giving you signs
for the past six years,
and you've been
too drunk or too angry
- or too crazy to see anything.
- I'm not drunk anymore.
No, seriously.
Open up your eyes, moron.
My eyes are open.
I've been sober for, uh--
- Oh, you think so, huh?
- Yeah.
You walked out of
the towers alive.
- That would be number one.
- Oh, th--
Not to mention you've been
having conversations
with our dead cousin
for the past, what, six years?
If that's not a sign,
I don't know what is.
Okay.
You don't think that--
I haven't gone down on my knees
and asked for one more
conversation with Jimmy?
You don't think
Sheila's done that?
No, but he comes to you
over and over.
Jimmy came to see me again,
and told me he's not
coming to see me anymore.
- Oh, he's not?
- Yeah, I got a new guy now.
- Then maybe that's a sign.
- Yeah, I got a new guy.
The reason that I know he's
kind of really showing up to me--
- Yeah?
- He, uh--
You want to talk about signs?
He came and talked to me
about the Hail Mary.
How about that?
And you know that's like--
I have a big problem
with that--
What?
Oh, God.
- Hey, baby.
- Hey.
Mike went out
to clean the boat again.
We got the whole afternoon
to destroy each other.
We need to have a little chat.
No, we need to chow down
and get it on.
What's this?
Spinach triangle ravioli
stuffed with creamed fava beans
and smothered in
a brandy and lobster sauce.
You're a cruel woman,
you know that?
Come on,
you know you want it.
Look, I'm-- I'm having some
trouble with this, Latrina.
You know, I just don't think
I have the stomach for it anymore.
Oh, I think you do.
You know what
I'm talking about.
You know, I'm Irish.
It's the whole guilt thing.
I mean, Mike is my cousin.
He's family.
That's why they call them
guilty pleasures.
Whether it's food or good loving,
without the guilt,
the pleasure's just not the same.
Come on.
Just take one little bite.
I can't. I can't.
Hey, if you can't, you can't.
Well, what are you doing?
- Cleaning up this mess.
- Wait a minute.
Why are you throwing
the triangle ravioli
with creamed fava beans smothered
in lobster and brandy sauce away?
- Don't do that!
- Don't do what?
Please, don't throw it away?
I don't throw it away,
what you gonna do for me?
Mm-hm.
On another day
C'mon, c'mon
With these ropes tied tight
Can we do no wrong?
Now we grieve
'Cause now it's gone
Things were good
When we were young
When my teeth bite down
I can see the blood
Of a thousand men
Who have come and gone
Now we grieve
'Cause now it's gone
Things were good
When we were young
Is it safe to stay?
C'mon, c'mon
Was it right to leave?
Will I ever learn?
C'mon, c'mon
Guys.
I think we got some whack job
surfing the rig.
What?
I saw someone
on the back of the rig.
Come on, Lar.
You're losing it.
There nothing back there
but exhaust fumes.
Chuck, we carrying
any unwanted passengers back there?
10-4, Lar.
We're catching up.
There.
I thought I saw someone, Lar.
I can't be sure.
Uh, chief, do us a favor
and drop back.
I thought I saw somebody
on the back of the rig.
Copy. Goddamn thrill seekers.
Mike, slow down
so we can check it out.
You're clean, Larry.
You sure, Chief?
I, uh... could've swore I saw somebody.
I said you're clean, Larry.
Either you're out of your mind
or you shook him on
the last corner.
Copy.
Hey, chief, where's the fire?
Hey, sorry to disappoint you, boys.
Looks like you're
going home clean. False alarm.
False alarm, guys.
Back to quarters.
Come on, Dave. Let's go.
Looks like somebody better
ease off the firewater, huh?
Hey.
Hi.
Pauly told me you were
out here waiting, so...
I know you know
I'm seeing somebody.
I caught you spying
the other day.
You and Richie
aren't exactly the A-Team.
Funny.
Now you've softened me up
with some humor,
you want to cut the chase?
I have to go away.
Just for a week or so.
I've got some interviews
lined up in Chicago.
Congratulations.
Have a safe flight.
Franco.
Can you look after
Richie for me?
Why don't you have your little
hipster boyfriend do it?
Richie loves you.
I know he doesn't feel
comfortable with anybody else.
Then he can stay
at the center.
Well, I would,
but he's been talking about
wanting to marry that Barbara
girl in the wheelchair.
I'm worried they're
gonna run off together.
Seeing as how
she can't walk,
they probably
won't get too far.
Franco, please?
Look, I don't want him
to make any mistakes.
What, like we almost made?
You know, you got
a lot of goddamn nerve
coming here asking me
for a favor now.
Well, fine. Then don't do it for me.
Do it for Richie.
You care about him, right?
You want what's best for him.
So these interviews--
I mean, what, you're gonna be moving?
I'm exploring my options.
Right.
There are some good
things in Chicago.
But there are some good things
here in New York. Like you.
- Oh, here comes the butter.
- It's not butter.
Look, I wanted to get married.
I thought we would spend the
rest of our lives together,
but right now I can't tell you
what I want anymore.
So I'm gonna go to Chicago.
I'm gonna...
take some time,
and I'm gonna figure that out.
But for that to happen, I need
you to look after Richie.
Please?
- When are you leaving?
- Tomorrow.
Yeah, all right.
I'll pick him up from
the center after my shift.
Happy?
I still think about you.
Me and you. Our thing.
So I'm not even gonna
try to talk this time.
We'll just--
I brought Fresca with me. So it's like--
I don't know. What?
five minutes tops?
Oh!
Okay, three minutes.
We'll go three.
Who is she?
She?
The girl that you had dinner
with in SoHo the other night.
My friend Alex
is a waitress there, and just so you know,
I have eyes and ears
all over the city.
You can't get away
with anything.
- Okay.
- And I know that
you were kissing her
and I know that you felt her up.
Feeling her up?
Who said I was feeling her up?
Ow. That hurt.
I was not--
Okay, let me explain.
Let me explain, okay?
It's gonna sound strange,
but it's true.
My new chief at the firehouse,
h-h-he's Jewish.
What was that?
- I'm a Jew.
- Okay.
- Well, I didn't know that.
- Ugh.
- Listen to me. Listen. Listen.
- What? What?
Why am I even
explaining myself?
It's not like this
is like a relationship.
- Like, you know, we--
- Oh.
This this isn't a relationship?
- Hmm.
- Yeah, w-- No.
It's like a booty call.
That's what it is.
And you're
complaining about this?
Yeah, I know.
I know it sounds weird, but--
You know, most guys
would think that is
the perfect relationship.
Y-you want a Fresca?
Yeah?
- Is this Thomas Gavin?
- Yeah.
Hi, I'm calling about your
MasterCard debit account.
There are some charges we need
to verify on the card you have
in Colleen Gavin's name.
Yeah?
Okay, there's a charge for
$2066 to The Noise Room,
and another charge for 5475
to Gerstein Jewelers.
Holy shit.
It's a recording studio
down in the Bowery, okay?
Tony wanted to lay down
some acoustic stuff,
but he didn't have money
for session time,
so, you know, I told him
he could use the card.
He's gonna pay me back though.
He's gonna pay me back,
is what you mean.
Whatever.
What about this
jewelry store charge?
- What jewelry store charge?
- Never mind.
Did he buy me a ring?
I'll tell you,
if he bought you a ring,
I'm buying a gun, okay?
Dad...
I'll call you back later.
Shit.
He had all kinds of piercings.
Eyebrow, nose, ears, lip.
He looked like all the guys
who come into this store.
- Really?
- Oh, he was wearing
- a Fake Baby Head T-shirt.
- That's the guy. That's the guy.
Okay, here it is.
An anklet for 39.99
and a ring for 5400
and change.
- Jesus Christ, what was--?
- Did she like the ring?
I don't know.
Was it a wedding ring?
- No, it doesn't say.
- How do you not know?
That's an expensive ring.
You know what?
What?
We sell all kinds of rings.
Engagement rings, wedding rings.
Can I help you with anything else,
'cause I have a
Frappuccino waiting for me.
Oh, really?
Yeah, you can help me.
Next time a guy comes in
with a Fake Baby Head T-shirt
and a bunch of rings attached
to his nose and his eyebrows
and he wants to buy
an ankle thing,
maybe you should check
the name on the credit card
before you sell it to him.
How about that?
Okay, maybe I will.
- Yeah, w--
- Have a good day.
I hope your
Frappuccino's cold.
It's supposed to be cold.
Hey.
Is, uh, Tony around?
He's recording
right now.
Excuse me. Hey.
He's so talented.
He writes all his own songs.
Who?
Tony.
You know
he can't even read music?
Really?
Yeah.
But neither could John Lennon,
by the way.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Where's Mark David Chapman
when you need him?
- Hm?
- What?
- What'd you say?
- Nothing.
Is this, uh--?
I'm sorry. Is this...
one of Tony's guitars?
That one.
- This one? Thank you.
- The acoustic.
Hey! Whoa, man!
Whoa! Chillax, man!
What are you doing?
That guitar cost me
a lot of money.
Whoa, whoa! Come on! Augh!
Take it easy, man.
My daughter's credit card.
- Yo!
- You roll up $5000--
What are you talking about?
That engagement ring or whatever it is.
- I'm telling you.
- All right!
You are not gonna
marry my daughter.
There's no way in hell--!
I'm not gonna marry
your daughter.
What are you talking about?
All right, listen.
I-i-i--
What?
I got her--
I bought the ring
for Janelle here.
Look, we met a couple weeks
ago and we just--
I don't know.
It's been bliss, man.
Can you understand? Like--
- Is that... the ring?
- Yes.
- So you're marrying her?
- Yeah.
Yeah. We're in love.
Look, I was gonna tell Colleen.
I just... didn't get back.
Cool. Congratulations, man.
I'm really happy for you.
That's awesome.
That's great.
All right.
All right, guys.
Well, good luck.
And, uh, hey,
I hope you have kids.
That's great.
See you later. Hope the record
comes out good too.
You know...
the vice-principal
of this place
happens to be a very close
friend of mine,
and he was nice enough
to open his doors to us
and allow us to have
our family meeting here.
We're gonna have to
pass the basket, you know?
Come up with enough money
to cover the damages.
No more questions, okay?
No more suggestions.
Just keep your hands down.
Listen up.
From now on, everybody
goes back to regular meetings.
All of us, okay?
All of us,
and I include myself,
are not allowed to attend
meetings together for--
I don't know.
Let's say three years.
I just want to say one thing.
You know, if sarcasm is
a character flaw
then I might as well
go buy a gun,
shoot myself
in the head right now.
Yeah, well, sarcasm
is not just a character flaw.
I told you, it's a trigger
to set off one of my character flaws,
which is a tendency
towards violence.
- What do you want me to do?
- Stop being sarcastic!
Stop sucker-punching people
that say something funny.
My weight problem
is funny to you?
I have a bad heart.
I could drop dead right now.
So go ahead. You'd lose
265 pounds in a second.
Stop!
Just stop!
Yeah?
Tom?
It just so happens
that sarcasm and violence
are both triggers for me, so--
You know, what am I supposed
to do here? You know?
Yeah, thank you.
Just for the record,
and because it's a program of honesty,
he really weighs 268, actually.
- He does?
- Yeah.
- God, he wears it so well.
- I know, right?
Yeah, daddy.
Daddy needs his medicine.
Let's get this party
started, huh, boys? Whoo!
Yeah, this should be
a real early evening.
It kinda smells
like stale beer in here.
That's 'cause it's a bar.
You wanna smell
candles and hair gel
go down to Bungalow 8
with the rest of the posers.
Wow. You guys eat something
before you joined us?
- We had a couple burgers at the Bistro.
- Perfect.
It's good to have
some food in your belly.
This way when the puking starts
you got something to, you know,
heave up instead of
the lining of your stomach.
We'll have more tips
as the night goes on,
like, um, advanced
urinal puking techniques.
I don't mean to burst
your bubble, boys,
but I don't need any tips,
okay? I'm full-blown as it is.
Full blown beer queer, maybe.
Who you calling
beer queer, pal?
Yeah, and what is that,
by the way?
- What is that?
- That's one of these guys
who talks a good game
and then starts drinking
and then he says,
"Oh, I love you so much."
You know? Then he has
another couple of beers
and before you know it
he's like, "Ugh. Oh, I love you, man."
Look, pal,
I'm not a beer queer, okay?
I mean, if anything, I'm a...
I'm a beer steer, all right?
So you better watch yourself.
You'll get a couple of horns
shoved up your ass.
Wow.
Steers are the ones
with horns, right?
- I don't know, dude.
- You know what I say?
I say we stop this idiocy
and stop talking and, uh, start drinking.
- All right.
- All right, yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
- Down the hatch.
- Here we go. Ready? Set?
Oh! Yeah.
Holy Christ.
Man, I never thought these
words would cross my lips,
but I'm definitely getting
too old for this shit, B.
- What shit is that?
- This shit, you know?
This place. These people.
I mean, what are they trying to prove?
Well, that guy over there,
he's trying to prove that
his joint still gets hard.
It doesn't.
And that dude over there,
he's trying to prove
that people like him
for more than his money.
They don't.
Yeah, well,
what about us?
You know, what are
we trying to prove?
I ain't trying to prove shit.
I'm here cause the music is thumping
and the bitches is bumping.
Okay, well, me then. All right?
If you were standing here and
I was another one of these humps
what would you say
I had to prove.
Oh, that you don't give
two shits about Natalie
and you can still
get your dick wet.
- You're good.
- I know this.
- Get me another drink.
- All right.
All right.
Listen, listen, listen. I was--
I was wrong about you, okay?
If I were a steer, and a steer
was the one with horns,
I would never stick them
up your ass.
I would never do that to you.
And as a matter of fact,
I know that I just met you,
but I just-- I think--
I think that you and I
should be best friends, okay?
What did I tell you?
Beer queer.
He's reached level two
in record time.
That's not a good sign.
There's no levels.
I don't even... whoa.
Level three, coming up.
She's a real prize, man.
Go talk to her.
Yo, I-I don't know.
She's really pretty.
Anybody that claims
to have a drinking problem
has gotta pick up
a broad in a bar
and bring her home and have drunken,
uninhibited, naked, bar sex.
She's a total skank, dude.
- Hey!
- Ow.
- Watch how you talk about the lady.
- What's the matter with you?
You wouldn't know a lady
if she sat on your face.
Jackass.
I saw her checking you out
when you came in.
- Mm?
- Oh, yeah.
- All right. I'm going in. I'm going in.
- Attaboy, Sean.
Don't her looks intimidate you.
You're the man.
- Hi.
Oh, baby.
Good morning.
Good morning. Hi.
- Hi.
- Hey, uh, lady.
- How you doing?
- You're so silly.
- Yeah, that's me.
- Is Captain Happy awake?
Uh, no, actually
Captain Happy is very sleepy.
Oh, no, I think
Captain Happy is awake.
No, you know--
Oh, my God look at the time.
You know what? I gotta get
to work. It's so late.
I really should, uh--
Ooh.
Make yourself comfortable,
and we'll get together.
- Oh. Should I leave my number?
- Yes, definitely.
- I'll leave my number.
- Okay.
You okay, ma'am?
All right,
let's go this way.
Hey, Cunningham,
take her down.
Hey!
Ho! You all right?
Yo!
Shit.
Hello?
Blair, hit that.
Let's go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anybody in here? FDNY!
Anybody here?
- Got it?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Got that?
- I got it, I got it.
Here, check the other room.
I think we're clear.
Okay, get your masks on.
Get your masks on.
- Hey, the door's blocked.
- Mayday! Mayday!
This is Truck 62 on the fourth floor.
What direction is that window facing?
Exposure 2 side!
Exposure 2!
We could sure use a ladder
right about now.
What do we got?
Hey, Mike,
check over in there.
Somebody's cleaning it.
Hang on.
Can we get out?
Someone's cleaning it.
Dudes, if you got a ladder,
this would be a really good time.
What the hell is that?
Clear! It's clear.
Let's go!
No other exits. Clear!
No vitamins or pomegranates
but still goes down smooth.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Shit. Yanks lose?
Goddamn Clemens.
He's too goddamn old.
I was saying that
five years ago.
What?
I think I saw...
This is gonna sound
so screwed up.
I saw a guy making a save.
He was carrying this guy
down the hallway.
It was all smoky
and everything,
but I caught
the name on the jacket.
Keefe.
Jimmy goddamn Keefe.
I'm Section Eight.
I'm Section Eight, right?
That day I thought I saw
someone on the back of the rig.
Chucky said
he saw something too.
Made me swear
I wouldn't tell nobody, but...
he saw the same thing.
- Did he see his face?
- No.
No, it was there,
and then it was gone.
Like it was a...
I don't know,
a ghost or something.
A ghost?
What kind of bullshit is that?
Chucky's a lush.
He's got wet-brain.
Hey, it's probably
nothing, right?
Come on, you're in a fire.
The adrenaline's pumping,
there's shit happening
all around you, it's dark, it's smoky,
your eyes play tricks on you.
You, uh, want some
coffee or something?
Give me Shaq, T-Mac, LeBron,
Arenas, and A.I.
on the same team--
Man, it's the
championship, baby.
- Tommy Gavin around?
- Hey, Coll.
Um, yeah, yeah.
He's somewhere inside.
- Hey, Coll.
- Hey.
Tommy's hittin' kinda young,
ain't he?
Easy, killer.
That's his daughter.
Verboten.
Means "don't."
I know what it means.
Hey.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Hey, I know. I know.
Honey, you're gonna-- You're
gonna meet somebody else.
Listen. Shh.
It's-- Oh!
What are you kicking me for?
For sticking your nose in my
own personal goddamn business.
I was trying to help you.
I was in love with him, Dad, okay?
He's getting married
to another chick, okay?
He bought her a wedding ring
with your--
Ow! Jeez.
Stop it. What? Ow.
But he's not here anymore.
Now I gotta go find
someone else.
- All right, listen to me.
- I don't know what you did.
Ow! Jesus! Ugh!
Colleen.
Hey.
Missy. Young lady?
You know, she kicked me
in the shins three times.
- Unbelievable.
- Tom, quick suggestion.
- Yeah.
- If you wanna take steps
to really improve
your relationship with your daughter,
not to mention with
your soon-to-be-ex-wife,
- two words:
- Yeah?
shin guards.
- So funny.
- Gavin.
My office. Now. Come on.
What's up?
- Get your ass up here.
- What's going on?
- Tell me here.
- Want everybody to know?
Know what? I got no
problem with you, Sid.
The night you took my
daughter out on that date...
Ahem. Yeah?
- She said you molested her.
- What?
You guys wanna
give us some, uh--?
No, I'm good right here.
My daughter,
my only child, huh?
And you grope her on this date
like she's street trash.
Wait, wait, wait.
Grope?
Grope.
Gro-- I, uh--
What are you looking over here?
- I-- I said grope.
- Okay.
You're the one with grabby hands.
- I-- Grabby?
- Yeah.
We're do--
Is this what she said?
These are the words I'm using.
You're the one with grabby hands.
- No, no, no.
- No? Try to explain it.
Tell me what happened.
Okay. We went out to a bar.
A very nice, classy bar.
- And I hugged her.
- Oh, come on.
It was a hug.
- Hey, listen to me. It was a hug.
- Yeah.
I don't know what she
told you. That's what it was.
And my hand accidentally
brushed up aga--
On the front of her.
- And she felt weird about it.
- Weird?
You're saying my daughter is weird?
- I'm--
- Huh?
I didn't say your daughter was weird.
She felt strange about it.
Oh, now she's strange.
- Yes.
Because my hand happened to
touch her tit and that why--
What?
- What?
- Tit.
- Uh, I didn't say tit.
- You said tit.
Don't look at him.
You said tit.
Okay, that was an accident.
I meant to say breast.
My hand happened to--
Against her-- She's got beautiful breasts.
Hey, calm down.
I'm gonna run
your narrow mick ass.
I'm telling you, every second
of every day from now on.
All right, chief, hold up.
I tried to explain.
First of all, the mick thing:
I don't take personal
'cause I'm Dutch,
but you should watch
what you say.
I don't think you should be
breaking Tommy's balls.
You asked him to
take your daughter out.
- That's true.
- You put him in a tough spot.
Not to mention it was
very unprofessional.
I didn't think he was gonna
manhandle her tits.
Wait a minute.
It was one tit.
- Oh, come on.
- All right. Hey.
What do you want? You set
her up with Jack The Ripper,
you can't cry foul when she
comes home without her head.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- I'm defending you.
- Doesn't sound like it.
- Oh, come on.
You don't know
what's going on. Okay?
My badge says chief too, okay?
Now you're a chief, huh?
If it wasn't for 9/11,
you wouldn't be wearing
that white shirt at work.
So don't try to teaching me
about firehouse ethics.
And stay out of things
you know nothing about.
Back off.
- I've been checking up on you.
- Oh, yeah?
- I know all about you.
- Yeah?
I checked with Ron Perrolli.
Ron Perrolli's
the biggest asshole in the department.
- I checked with him.
- This is the guy you go to?
I figured I would come in
here, I'd be a nice guy.
- You know, try to be nice.
- The nice guy speech, yeah.
- But that's never gonna happen.
- Oh, well--
From now on, there are rules around here
and we're gonna follow 'em.
I hope one of 'em's not
dating your daughter.
- And...
- What?
You touch my daughter again
or even see her--
- Uh-huh.
- I'll crucify you.
Okay. I touch
your daughter again,
- I'm gonna crucify myself.
- You son of a--
One more move!
- Yeah, yeah.
- It's over! Walk away!
Jesus Christ. Huh.
You believe this guy?
- Well, look at it this way?
- What?
You might have grabby hands,
but at least you're not Dutch.
- What?
- Nothing.
Who the hell's Dutch?
Where's that come from?
My mother was part Dutch.
'Sup, bro?
We're not bros, bro.
- What's your problem, man?
- What's your problem?
- I asked you first.
- Well, I asked you second.
Yeah, but I asked you first.
All right, if you want
to know so bad, I'll tell you.
You tricked me into telling you
all Tommy's weaknesses
in street hockey
and then you used it
against him.
I didn't trick you
into doing shit.
- Yeah, you did.
- No, no, no, I didn't.
You offered that information
up all on your own.
Listen, man.
Let's cut the shit.
Real talk. Deep down...
you hate Tommy Gavin.
- I do?
- Yeah.
'Cause he's taught you
everything you know
about being a firefighter,
and the fact that he's
had to save your sorry ass
on more than one occasion.
But deep down,
despite the fact
that he's a egomaniacal,
self-centered son of a bitch,
you want to be just like him.
Yeah,
you want to be Tommy Gavin.
You want to be
exactly what you hate.
And that's some sad shit.
- Screw you, probie.
- Hey, hey, hey.
What? What you want to do?
Huh? You wanna do something?
- Move!
- Bring it, probie.
What you want to do?
You want to do something?
Let it go.
Let me go. Let me tell you,
this ain't over, punk.
- No, it's not over, probie!
- I'm gonna catch you, bitch.
You better watch your ass.
- Yeah, whatever.
- Yeah. That's what's up.
Yeah, go home, probie.
So you want to be
like Tommy Gavin, huh?
FDNY, wake up, people!
FDNY.
All right, Mikey, Brian,
check out this last door,
and then check out the
hallway, all right?
- You got it, Lou.
- Cunningham, Davey, uh,
see if there's a way
up to 2 down there.
There may be a staircase.
Check it out for me.
FDNY, people!
Let's go, folks. Anybody here?
Here, check that door.
- Let's go!
- Hey, I got one.
You all right?
- Si.
- Come with us.
We'll get you
right out of here.
You gotta get out!
Hello?
Hi.
How you doing?
You're a fireman.
Yeah, yeah,
I-I am, yeah.
Um, I'm gonna need you
to come with me, okay?
- No big thing.
- What's going on?
It's just a little smoky, so...
- Is there a fire?
- If you don't mind, ma'am--
- Save me.
- Okay. All right.
Here's the thing, ma'am.
I just--
- My name is Meg.
- Hi, Meg. How you doing?
- Hi. What's your name?
- My name? My name is Bobby.
- Bobby?
- Yes.
I like you, Bobby.
- Okay, we're just gonna walk--
- Kiss me.
Okay. You know--
All right, Meg, come here.
- Mmm.
- How was that?
Was that good?
Mmm, that's good, yeah.
Okay, hang on now, Meg.
Hang on. Here we go.
Oh, shit. All right,
hang on, Meg, hang on.
All right, hang on, sweetheart.
Here we go.
- Meg?
- Yeah?
We need to find a door, sweetheart.
Is there a door this way?
Meg?
Come on, sweetheart.
Let's go. Let's go.
- Mmm, okay, Meg.
- Yeah?
Is there a door
in this room, sweetheart?
- Uh-huh.
- Huh? Is there?
Where? Okay.
Ah.
Oh, Meg, Meg.
Meg, listen to me.
Okay, now, come here.
- Okay.
- What?
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey. Hey.
Mmm.
Mm-hm, mm-hm.
Oh!
- Oh, my God.
- Like that?
No, oh, my God!
Aw, shit. Goddamn it.
What did I tell you?
There is no morphine
I'm only sleeping
There is no crime
To dreams like this
And if you could take
Something with you
It would be bright
One day a ship comes in
From far away
A ship comes in
One hundred days
You wait for it
And you know somewhere
The ship comes in every day
One day a ship comes in
One hundred days
You wait for it
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
That was...
Shit. Hey!
Lady, you all right?
I don't know.
Jeez. Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
So how'd you get out?
Coming through.
This really cute fireman saved me.
He was tall and handsome
with kind of sandy hair,
and he was kinda sweet.
Cute, tall, handsome,
sandy hair? Sounds like Gavin.
She said he was
kind of sweet, asshole.
What are you,
queer or something?
One day a ship comes in
It's good
When it's something good
There is no morphine
I'm only sleeping
There is no crime
To dreams like this
And if you could
Take something with you
It would be bright
Something good